For Steam, create the minimal "getting started" guide and link to the
main PDF, with links both near the top and the bottom.


if snow is drawn on a map improperly (?), _snow.tga might not save
correctly.  The next time the level is opened, trying to draw snow
again will crash the editor.

floating, docked panels

adding a feature and then selecting undo crashes the editor?

Ctrl-Z and Ctrl-Y messages are displayed at the bottom of the main panel

need a general Undo section; this might just be a pointer to other sections:
  undo selected property changes
  undo brush painting
  undo mud (doesn't work)
  restore from archive

U is E-W, V is N-S.

Model - Replace displays the replaced model erratically until one of
the Rebuild options is selected.

Is the editor crashy because I'm abusing it so much, or is it always
crashy?

highlight most useful (non-obvious?) controls (keyboard or mouse)?

During pack, "File not found"
  I had a Sound or SoundDomain that wasn't configured.

DiffLockType: None, Uninstalled, Installed, Always
Torque: default (always on), full (when AWD enabled), none, connectable (w/ upgrade)
DefaultTire
CompatibleWheels points to an XML file of possible add-on tires

Named properties section can be skipped, but it does give some useful
tips, especially for keyboard shortcuts.

Instead of having a section for "Move a Truck, Model, or Plant",
describe only "move a truck" in the "Trucks" section.  Then refer
to this as necessary when describing how to move a model or plant in
those sections.

Every section of the quick start should have a link to the
corresponding full description.  Possibly it should be right at the
top to grab anyone who clicked the wrong section in the table of
contents.

MaxHeight determines the precision of terrain height.
Terrain height pixels can take on 4096 values.
With MaxHeight="512", height resolution is ~0.125m, about 5 inches.
- should only be used when there are no areas of flattish terrain where the user can build up speed
- perfectly flat terrain is OK, e.g. an ice lake
MaxHeight="128" feels more reasonable.
terrain pixels are about 0.5m on a side

when snow is added to a material without a snow_layer, it simply raises the terrain by the height of the "snow"
when snow is added to a material with a snow_layer, it only raises the height of the snow layer
check "Update Material" in the brush dialog to paint snow_layer material along with the snow depth

can cross references be formatted differently?
- separate their text from surrounding text, similar to the Literal style
- make it obvious that it's a link
not automatically, but if I position the cursor ahead of a reference
and select Edit->Fields, I can use the arrow buttons to quickly step
through all references and manually reformat them.  e.g. do this last.

do some materials suppress mud? (extrudes or automatic)

I can run two copies of the SnowRunner editor at once
  any advantage to that?

breakable ice = IsExtrudable
NoGrass prevents grass from distributions
ice_01 and ice_02 have IsSoil="false"

avoid exposed tall cliffs in the terrain height
  they stretch the texture layer and make it look unnatural

can close the brush dialog box and still get its functions via the keyboard

use 'Terrain Brightness' toolbar button to make it easier to see thin
lines for mud

when editing zone_settings.json, make a backup before and after your changes.
if the packing process isn't able to read the JSON file properly, it writes
back a "clean" version with all the data missing that it couldn't read.

zones are randomly ordered in the list on the left of the navigation map.
no way to fix their order.

my guide is more accurate and better tested

icon types:
  travel services
  cargo areas
  objectives
  vehicles
  misc

flat:
rounding radius is the radius (in meters) of the center of the boundary line
  inner radius is rounding radius - thickness/2
  outer radius is rounding radius + thickness/2
minimum thickness is equal to the corner radius
  so the inner radius is never less than half the rounding radius

center of line is inset by thickness
  outer edge is inset by thickness * 1/2

thickness is half the specified thickness
  call it breadth?

effects of terrain height on zone ribbon placement

should garage exit be relatively flat?

hypothesis:
  if an unknown ID starts with the same characters as an existing ID,
    the properties are stolen from that ID *even if it still exists*.
-or-
  if an ID is renamed in the main editor, it communicates this to the zone
    settings editor

Azov 73210 + superheavy semi-trailer = ~36 m long
CAT 770G = < 5 m wide

commit property changes (particular ID naming) before opening the zone editor

spurious new campaign start always selects an empty save slot if there is one.
  recommend leaving one open.

How does "recover" work after a gateway crossing?

keyboad shortcuts for the zone settings editor
  e.g. F2 to edit a property string

all flavors of saddle_high can be locked in the garage and/or it can have a price,
  but it is still available and given for free with purchase of a trailer

all flavors of saddle_low cannot be locked in the garage, and it cannot have a price
  and it is always available and given for free with purchase of a trailer

permission denied while packing:
  exit the map in the game

the game generates spurious "confirm" keypresses while iconified.
  if the cursor is over new game, it may overwrite an existing game
  to avoid destroying a campaign, make sure at least one save slot is empty

are the various regular zone IDs implicitly on the same map as the primary?
  or can they be on any map, but the global zone ID is needed only so that
  the navigation map can highlight the primary zone?

what happens to spawned cargo when the player leaves the map?

If the same destination zone is used for multiple goals, they share UI Desc:
  truck delivery - yes
  cargo delivery - yes
  others - TBD

what axes does the "Rotation" property group use?
  X ain't X, that's for sure

recover to garage:
  UI_HUD_RECOVERY_NO_ID_IN_EDITOR
  where should a name be set?
    it's not (Terrain)->Description level->ID

troubleshooting:
  if the navigation map shows a pile of text in the upper left corner and
    hangs, check for two zones with the same ID
  ModMapError.txt when loading the map in the game
    definitely used for:
      invalid truck ID in objective
      invalid zone ID in objective
    but doesn't catch all errors

do UIDs of different types need to be different?

redocument behavior of slow asset dialogs

in cargo reference, list the number of individual logs per load

model in Editor is superset of all appearances

static shadows are from finished model
  they're replaced with dynamic shadows as you get closer

figure out what can be changed in a mod that people are already playing
  are changes incorporated into an existing game ata ll?
  if something collides with the player's truck, can they recover?
  changes in terrain height? (up or down)
  new models that may collide?
  removed models/plants are always safe?
  touch plant distributions could rearrange plants?
  removed objectives that may be in progress?
  changed truck ID that is being used or was already awarded?
  lock or unlock parts
  add or remove maps from region
  change map to region?
  move zones
  change zones used by objectives
  add or remove objectives? (check completion progress in profile, too)
  add, change, or remove stages from objective
  are updates at mod.io automatically downloaded and used?

living area goal type is broken?
  or do I just not know how to set it up?

contests
  can contests have any other requirements besides the standard 3?
contracts

(Terrain)->Procedural snow coverage
  affects all trucks at half strength, even the one being driven
    is not applied to glass, interior, wheels, tires
    if a truck has both mud and snow, the mud wins where it is present

"snowy" level affects weather
  requires snow_layer in a material


lights are broken when Dev Tools->Change Time is used
  also when Sky is forced to Night in the map
  flare visible, but lights don't light up other objects or terrain
  light works properly in editor after rebuild terrain
    or in game after natural passage of time

Can use localization to change the name while keeping the logo.

custom employer names use Husky Forwarding icon
  can they be localized?
    yes

game crashes:
  not if more than 3 employers
  sometimes if custom employer name isn't configured as custom
    icon doesn't matter and is ignored

multi-stage models show only a single model on the navigation map
  (usually their final form)

uiTitle must be specified for initial objectives to be activated

if objective is not activated, then the user can activate it using the
  same interface as tracking it; activating it then also tracks it
  very strange

if two objectives are finished simultaneously, only one reward popup appears

if a contract is listed in objectives
  it is automatically activated at the beginning of the map
    even if it is blocked!
  the first listed objective is the one that is initially tracked
otherwise
  the player has to activate it manually before any progress can be made
  must wait until unlocked to activate
  manual activation also starts tracking
completing the tracked objective
  starts tracking a random other objective


Standardized format for properties?
  Path, e.g. Scene->(Terrain)->Zones-><zone_id>->Wall->*Is wall*
    in ZSE: objectiveSettings->contestSettings+<Contest Name>->rewards+ObjectiveRewardsByTime->timeSettings->GOLD/SILVER->Time limit
  Edit type: Dropdown menu, Dropdoene menu or free text, True/False, etc.
  Purpose
  Default value, or result if property is missing
  Result if property has bad value
  use a thick blue bar on only the left side?
  use a sequence of defined paragraph types

Should there be a different character format for variable values
  (e.g. <zone_id>) within a literal?
    How should it look?
      same gray background, but different foreground color, e.g. dark purple?
    it isn't often the focus of the literal, so highlighting it may be a mistake

animation speed is controlled by Scene->Time speed property

what happens if an objective truck leaves the zone (via a gateway)?
  does it lose its truck ID?
  is it still reserved?
  is it left behind in its new zone if the objective is restarted?

where model assets are described, mention that some rocks & ice chunks are
  modeled as plants.

Note that not all assets are guaranteed to be working.
  once released, Saber is hesitant to remove or change an asset since someone may be using it

reverse distances
reverse loop delay
document loop delay
test sound Conditions
try variations of conditions
document conditions
